# fantasy-basketball
The purpose of this code is to help show the impacts of adding/subtracting players for the fantasy basketball playoffs. This can used be throughout the entire season to help keep an eye on the layout of the different schedules your players have during the playoffs to help with decisions involving player aquisitions. The idea is that you want to minimize the number of times you have to leave a player on the bench because your lineup is full. If you can start up to 8 people per day, then every time you have more than 8 players with a game in one day, you're essentially wasting the points for all the extra players you have to put on your bench. It would be optimal to instead have the starts spread out as much as possible (given that the total number of starts remains the same). This code shows, in a number of different ways, which team's schedule would best fit the schedules of the players currently on your team, as well as which players on your team have schedules that are not optimal compared to the rest of your team.

This code is specifically designed for the format of the league that I'm in, which is a points league with 8 lineup spots (5 pos 3 flex), but the code could be adjusted for cat leagues and/or different lineup settings as well. The league I'm in also has contracts that are bid on, rookie drafts, etc., so player additionals/subtractions are less frequent than in a regular redraft league (making this code more necessary), but that doesn't impact how the code is used.
